doc: release milestone definition overhaul (#44326)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/development_process/release_process.rst

maintain the quality of the overall release without delays because of one or two
features that are not ready yet.

The Zephyr release model was loosely based on the Linux kernel model:

- Release tagging procedure:

  - linear mode on main branch,
  - release branches for maintenance after release tagging.

> - Each release period will consist of a development phase followed by
>   release candidates on which only stabilization changes, bug fixes, and
>   documentation can be merged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each release period will consist of a development phase followed by
  a stabilization phase. Release candidates will be tagged during the
  stabilization phase. During the stabilization phase, only stabilization
  changes such as bug fixes and documentation will be merged unless
  granted a special exemption by the Technical Steering Committee.
```

  - Development phase: all changes are accepted (subject to approval from the
    respective maintainers.)
  - Stabilisation phase, the release owner lays a vN-rc1 tag and the
    tree enters the stabilisation phase
  - CI sees the tag, builds and runs tests; Test teams analyse the report from the
    build and test run and give an ACK/NAK to the build
  - The release owner, with test teams and any other needed input, determines if the
    release candidate is a go for release
  - If it is a go for a release, the release owner lays a tag release vN at the

>     same point

Reviewer 2: It would be worse mentioning about nogo case and vN-rcx iterations.

Reviewer 2: It would also be good to mention bug count status vs quota defined by TSC is one of the main criteria
